:pencil: Rough cut of accepted talks (#45)
djangocon/2021.djangocon.us: _schedule/talks/2021-10-22-herding-ponies-coordinating-and-automating-django-upgrades-across-100-repositories.md

* Code refactoring scripts (often using [Bowler](https://pybowler.io/)) to automatically fix some of the most common breaking changes
* Scripts to automatically update tox and continuous integration configurations to start testing new Django versions (and drop support for ones no longer needed)
* Scripts to track which dependencies claim to support the target release already, and manual processes to manage ones which don't use Trove classifiers correctly
* A script to analyze and summarize deprecation warnings captured by pytest
* Upgrading dependencies proactively to reduce the work needed at Django upgrade time
* How to identify difficult parts of the upgrade early enough to solve them in time
* How to handle package dependencies which don't support your target Django version by the time you need them to
* How to track and schedule all of the above across dozens of repositories

> All the scripts presented here are open source; links to the code will be provided, and I'll be here for the sprints if anyone wants to help refine them further.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the scripts presented here are open source; links to the code will be provided, and I'll be here for the live chat if anyone wants to help refine them further.
```
